Update screenshots + add PWA install guide (#87)
yiisoft/yii-dev-panel: docs/guide/en/pwa_install.md

# How to use Yii Dev Panel as PWA

> PWA – Power Web Application. Kind of web applications that may be installed into a system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PWA – Progressive Web Application is a web application that may be installed into a system and behaves as a native app.
```

> Once install application can be connected to different application just by switching the base url from settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once installed, the application can be connected to different backend by switching the base URL from settings.
```
